My initial goal with this project is to create a sort of moving illusion using the cylinder surrounding the pendulum. While I scrapped the idea of an illusion, I still created a cylinder/tunnel that rotates around the main pendulum. Another one of my goals for this project was to create an interesting melody and create more interesting instruments by combining waveforms and using reverb. Using the sequencer I made in Unity, I was able to create a relatively simple but cool melody with some simple chords underneath. I had two main scripts that I used for almost all of the project: the Conductor script and the Sequencer script. The Sequencer script helped to establish different sequencers with different tempos and instruments, and is where a lot of the animation script is held. The conductor script is used mainly to establish when each instrument is playing by modifying the sequencers and the notes within them. This script allowed me to create interesting patterns and melodies that are heard throughout the song. A lot of information is passed between these two scripts in order to make the whole animation and song run smoothly. The pendulum moves using a script that rotates it with a cosine function. The cylinder moves based on triggers for the lower chord tones that are played. The drums are from another separate sequencer that’s synced up with the conductor script. The drums control the light that flashes at the bottom of the cylinder (the kick drum is the blue light, the green is the snare, and the teal light is both of them playing at the same time). Finally, the small blue ball that shows up moves to the location of the pendulum ball every time there is a trigger for the main melody.
